DataGrid/TreeList: add the Column Chooser and Header Filter new features (#4896)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/40 Common Types/15 grids/HeaderFilterSearchConfig/timeout.md

---
id: HeaderFilterSearchConfig.timeout
type: Number
default: 500
---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies a delay in milliseconds between a user finishes typing in the header filter's search panel, and the search start.

Reviewer: Doesn't feel like English. Rephrase

> Specifies a delay in milliseconds between when a user finishes typing in the header filter's search panel, and when the search is executed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies a timeout, in milliseconds, during which a user may continue to modify the search value without starting the search operation. 
```
